Stack Mechanics (150-200 words)
When I ran my recursive factorial and Fibonacci functions, I saw through the print statements how the call stack changes during recursion. 
In the factorial function, the program printed each function call as it went from factorial of 5 down to the base case at factorial of 1. After 
reaching the base case, the return statements appeared in the opposite order as each function finished. This showed how the stack grew as new 
function calls were added and shrank as each function returned. The Fibonacci function showed a similar process; however, it made many more 
function calls because most of the calls created two additional recursive calls. In the stack overflow demonstration, I saw the function keep 
making calls all the way until about call 42,972 and then the program completely crashed and stopped. Each function call creates a stack frame 
that stores the information needed for that specific call. Such information includes its parameters, local variables, and the return address 
that tells the program where to go next after the function finishes. 

Recursion Costs (100-150 words)
Factorial and Fibonacci both use recursion, however I learned that Fibonacci requires much more work. With an input of 5, factorial recursively 
called itself until reaching the base case, creating a chain of calls. On the other hand, Fibonacci reached a similar maximum recursive depth, 
but each call could create two more calls using fibonacci(n-1) and fibonacci(n-2). This caused many more total stack frames to be created 
throughout the calculation, even though they were not all active at the same time. The resources explain that Python is able to limit recursion 
depth in order to prevent uncontrolled recursion from exhausting the stack. My stack overflow demonstration showed me why this protection is so 
useful. Without a stopping point or recursion limit, calls continue adding stack frames until there is no longer enough available stack space, 
which will most likely cause the program to crash.

Function Pointers and Callbacks (100-150 words)
Function pointers allow callbacks because they store the address of a function and allow that function to be called later. In my program, 
process_array() accepted a function pointer as a parameter. I was able to pass double value, square value, or negate value into the same 
function, and then process_array() used whichever callback I provided. This makes code more flexible because the main processing code does not 
have to be rewritten for every different operation. The event system showed a more realistic use of callbacks by storing several function 
pointers and calling all of them when an event was triggered. A real-world example from the resources is a GUI (Graphical User Interface) event 
handler, where a specific function can be called when a user clicks a button. Systems programmers may use callbacks because they allow flexible, 
reusable, and event-driven code even though function-pointer syntax can be harder to read than a direct function call.
