Structs Vs. Classes

This assignment helped me understand how C structs can be used to simulate some of the features that Python classes provide automatically. 
In C, I had to define the character’s data inside a struct and then manually add function pointers for the attack and take damage methods. I 
also had to manually assign those function pointers within my initialization functions. When calling a method in C, I had to explicitly pass the 
object’s address as the self parameter. In Python, this process is hidden behind the simpler syntax and is not something that the 
programmer has to think or worry about. 

Based on what I implemented in C, I can understand what is actually happening behind the scenes when you call a method on an object using 
Python. It first determines which method belongs to that object and provides the object itself as self, which allows the method to access its 
attributes. My C implementation required me to handle making these connections manually using struct and function pointers. 

Inheritance Implementation

I achieved inheritance in C through composition by placing a character base struct as the first member of both my warrior and mage structs. 
This gave both derived types the data and function pointers defined by character while also allowing me to add their own new attributes, such 
as strength and mana. I could then use a warrior or mage as a character by casting its address to a character*.

In Python, I could accomplish this much easier and more directly with Python’s inheritance syntax. Python automatically handles much of the 
relationship between the parent and child classes. Its inheritance syntax is easier to read and requires less manual code because the programmer 
does not have to manually embed base structs, perform explicit casts, or recreate the relationship between the types. 

Understanding OOP Mechanics

Function pointers enable polymorphism because the same function pointer can point to different functions depending on the object. In my program, 
the basic characters attack pointer pointed to character_attack, while the warrior’s pointed pointed to warrior_attack and the mage’s pointer 
pointed to mage_attack. This allowed me to implement a polymorphism loop that was able to call attack on every character in the same way while 
producing different results. The basic character performed a basic attack, the warrior used its boosted strength, and the mage had used all of 
its mana on earlier attacks and reported that they were out of mana. 

Systems programmers might choose to use these patterns because they provide some of the reusability, organization, and flexibility of a standard 
OOP while still having the explicit control provided by C. Using structs, composition, and function pointers in C allows related data and behavior 
to be organized together while also maintaining full control over the memory layout and program behavior.

