Python vs C Memory Model

Before working with C, I did not think much about what happens in memory when creating variables in Python. When I write x = 42 in Python, 
it automatically assigns a data type and handles the memory management for me behind the scenes. In C however, I can see more explicitly what is 
happening because I must assign each variable a data type and each data type has a set memory size. For example, my integer variable occupied 
4 bytes, my double occupied 8 bytes, and my character variable occupied 1 byte.

The Python lists feature is another example of memory management that Python automatically handles for the user. When I create a list in Python,
it automatically allocates the memory needed and updates the memory size as more items are added to the list. Based on what I have learned so
far I hypothesize that python is automatically requesting the anticipated amount of memory needed from the heap, then releasing and readjusting 
based on the list size. 

I believe it is important for a systems programmer to have a clear understanding of memory segments because a systems programmer is interacting
with the computer at a lower level and typically required to use languages such as C. A systems programmer also has to be conscious of how much 
of the total available memory they are taking up when programming an operating system. This is because the programmer needs to ensure that the
operating system does not take up all of the available memory, leaving nothing else for the end user of the device. On the other hand, a Python
developer can typically rely on Python itself to optimize and handle all memory management automatically.


Memory Observations

When I ran my program, I noticed that the stack, heap, and data segments all had different ranges of memory addresses. In one run, my stack
variables had addresses around 000000b0d07ff8ec, while my heap allocation was at 000001ce2f4c1470. My global and static variables were located
around 00007ff782eb2010. In this run, the stack addresses were lower than the heap addresses, while the data segment addresses were higher than
both. The exact address ranges can vary depending on the system, however I did observe from my results that the different types of memory were 
stores in their own distinct regions.

After experimenting with both stack and heap, I now have a better understanding of "automatic" and "dynamic" memory allocation. For example, 
local variables stored on the stack utilize automatic memory allocation that automatically stores and removes the variable when the function is 
called and then finished. In comparison, storing a variable on the heap requires dynamic memory allocation. This requires explicitly requesting
memory at runtime of the function and then also explicitly requesting for the memory to be released after you have used it. 

Understanding where variables are stored have helped me deepen my understanding of variable lifetime and scope. Local variables that live on the 
stack have a lifetime and scope that is limited to the function in which they were created. Global and static variables that live on the data 
segment have a lifetime that last for the entire program and have a much larger scope, however it can depend on where exactly the variable was 
declared. Variables stored on the heap have an unlimited lifetime because once it is allocated, it remains until the programmer manually releases 
it. 
